# PASSWORD LOCKER

## Author
    Ngenoh Zephenia

## Description
This is python application that will help us manage our passwords and even generate new passwords for us.
## Features
.New user can create his or her new account
.Log in feature
.Option for autogenerated password
.Delete credential
.Display credentials that have been created
.Search credentials saved
.logout feature using exit
## Setup Installation
1.Clone or download and unzip the repository from github https://github.com/ngenohzephenia/Password-Locker.git



2.cd into the project folder and open in text editor either code. or atom.

3.Then run chmod +x run.py on your project directory.

5.Run ./run.py to launch the program.

## Technologies used
- Python 3.6
- Git

## Bugs
- No known bugs at the moment yet.



## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Ngenoh Zephenia

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Contact Details
If you have any suggestion or modification that can better this project, feel free to contact me. Here are my details:
Ngenoh Zephenia
Email: ngenohzef@gmail.com